{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf2 {\listtext	1.	}What are the strengths of your data modeling format? \uc0\u8232 The strengths of my data modeling format is that it is quite simple in structure. I have 3 separate types of data, two point sources and one polygon attributes (for use in ArcGIS Pro). I bring in the relevant data and store them in their respective SQL tables and then have another table that relates all three called LA_County. LA County is also a simple structure and is just a collection of all types (sort of works as a data catalog). If I need to change the data, add fields, or add observations it makes it very easy. I an also add new data sets altogether.\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	2.	}What are the weaknesses? (Does your data model support? Sorting the information? \uc0\u8232 Re-ordering it? Only obtaining a certain subset of the information?) \u8232 Weakness is just in the fact that this analysis needs to be done in ArcGIS Pro. At the moment, I do not have the capabilities to the advanced skillset in python nor access (as there is no update for Python 3.6) to a package needed so it must be done manually. So in terms of usefulness, the data model is mainly useful for just bringing in and organizing the data. It also makes it easy to add or subtract or extract whatever I need for whatever study is being done. But this lack of external application is a weaknesses. The other weakness is that I couldn\'92t expand to another county because the data is specific to LA county in terms of what was brought in. This is not the case for the other ones that use APIs, but for the wells, I needed to get the list of APIs (which are the unique identifiers for wells, not to be confused with the other API). The biggest weakness, however, is the fact that as a student with limited resources, I cannot purchase a token for REST API through ArcGIS, I have to rely on the temporary token given through school that expired 12/19 so I needed to borrow a friend\'92s one for submission. Additionally, it occasionally resets, so you need to go into the code and resubmit the token.\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	3.	}How do you store your data on disk? \uc0\u8232 I store the data in csv files. These are the most convenient for uploading to ArcGIS Pro.\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	4.	}Let\'92s say you find another data source that relates to all 3 of your data sources (i.e. a \uc0\u8232 data source that relates to your existing data). How would you extend your model to \u8232 include this new data source? How would that change the interface? \u8232 	It would not change the interface, which is the whole purpose of the structure. I would just have to create a new path for the data to come through, as there may be fields of interest or filtering that needs to happen based on what its intended use is. It would have a unique object identifier for its own table and then another unique item identifier for the LA County catalog.\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	5.	}How would you add a new attribute to your data (i.e. imagine you had a lat/long column \uc0\u8232 in a database. You might use that to access an API to get a city name. How would you add city name to your data?) \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	Very easy to add, it just consists of a slight edit to the code that enters it to accommodate for an additional column. That is for if the data comes with the remote or local load into the database though. If it needs to be appended, a separate line of code would have to be written, but also pretty negligible issue.\
}